In terms of the strategy of this battle,
we have blocked the enemy's base,
so it is not a definite victory of our own.
In this way, the counterattack with the powerful sea force of the enemy
has failed again,
which means that it is a stronghold of our defenders.
The enemy has been defeated again by the Solomon's Sea.
However, the enemy has lost the ability to counterattack
and has abandoned the base.
Because the enemy has raised more than 10,000 soldiers
from the enemy's army,
it is not a matter of the people's country
to take advantage of this situation.
However, the enemy has been thinking that
it will try to make a way to the end by supplying the sea.
Therefore, it is common knowledge that
the enemy will attack again in the future.
Originally, the enemy was defeated by the Solomon's Sea at the first time,
and the Solomon's sea forces have destroyed
numerous enemy soldiers.
The second time, the Solomon's Sea war has caused great damage.
If the enemy is attacked again,
the third and fourth times will be fought,
and the sea force will be destroyed
just like the first and second times.
The more the enemy is in a hurry,
the more the sea force is being absorbed,
and the enemy is being defeated by the Solomon's Sea.
The enemy is completely at the mercy of the Solomon's Sea.
In the United States,
the Solomon's Sea war has been going on for more than two weeks,
but the government has not announced it yet.
Recently, the newspaper reported that
the news was good news,
and that the news was not good news.
It seems that the news is giving the people
peace of mind,
but the truth is that it is not.
Furthermore, if we look at this sea war from the perspective of the world war,
the US strategy has been the same as before.
We should pay attention to the US strategy.
The US has to make up for the American distrust
of the Great East Coast,
and at the same time,
we should connect the Soviet Union and the Soviet Union
to the trust of the United States.